Do not come
Weren't you quite arrogant just now?
Why are you afraid of me now?
I'm not afraid of you
When my brother Tianlong comes, I'll see how he handles you.
Hmph, I'm afraid that you, Brother Tianlong, will be there then.
Instead, you want to kneel down to me?
Who is there to speak out?
Make me afraid
I'm a pretty little girl
Why is your brain not working well?
Who's got a bad brain?
Do you know this? This is the battle of Wanlong Sword
Don't kneel
Tianlong greets the president
Brother Tianlong, what do you want?
Why are you kneeling down to this little girl?
Blind your dog eyes
This is Wanlong Ji
Seeing the dragon is like seeing the president of the Wanlong Society
But my boss's boss is fucking kneeling down to me
Meet President Wanlong
Get up
President, how dare my little brother offend you?
I'll surrender him right away
To vent your anger